README.MD, before:

<img src="https://cardanocity.io/static/media/cardanocity_logo.66fd0067.svg" style="display: flex; margin: auto"/>

# Installation

This tool uses NodeJS 15.4.0, there are tons of tutorials out there on how to download and install NodeJS.
This readme will not be a Node tutorial unfortunately. Once you have node installed and have pulled down the git repo to your PC run the following to install the project:

```bash
npm i
```

## **Next, open your terminal and determine which mode you would like to run**

#### There are 3 modes to run. First you must retrieve the units then you can run rare item mode. Please do NOT retrieve the units more than once every 3-4 hours, cnft.io is a very important part of the CNFT ecosystem at the moment, and bringing it down could prove to be catastrophic at a time when ethereum refugees are flooding into the CNFT world.

<hr>

#### Please note the rare item mode isn't really optimized yet, when I have the time I will group the rare items together and add an option to show only items below a certain price.

<hr>

<br>

**Retrieve the units from cnft.io**:

```bash
node index.js --mode=get-units
```

**Find items with 10% rarity or less (BETA MODE PLEASE BEAR WITH ME)**:

#### Multiple words need to be passed with quotes as shown in the cardano wine example (3rd).

```bash
node index.js --mode=find-rare-items --rareitem=samurai
node index.js --mode=find-rare-items --rareitem=astro
node index.js --mode=find-rare-items --rareitem="cardano wine"
```

Commit message:

Add maxprice flag to tool

README.MD, after:

<img src="https://cardanocity.io/static/media/cardanocity_logo.66fd0067.svg" style="display: flex; margin: auto"/>

# Installation

This tool uses NodeJS 15.4.0, there are tons of tutorials out there on how to download and install NodeJS.
This readme will not be a Node tutorial unfortunately. Once you have node installed and have pulled down the git repo to your PC run the following to install the project:

```bash
npm i
```

## **Next, open your terminal and determine which mode you would like to run**

#### There are 3 modes to run. First you must retrieve the units then you can run rare item mode.

Please do NOT retrieve the units more than once every 3-4 hours, cnft.io is a very important part of the CNFT ecosystem at the moment, and bringing it down could prove to be catastrophic at a time when ethereum refugees are flooding into the CNFT world.

<hr>

#### Please note the rare item mode isn't really optimized yet, when I have the time I will group the rare items together and add an option to show only items below a certain price.

<hr>

<br>

**Retrieve the units from cnft.io**:

```bash
node index.js --mode=get-units
```

**Find rare items below a certain price**:

#### Multiple words need to be passed with quotes as shown in the cardano wine example (3rd).

```bash
node index.js --mode=find-items --rareitem=samurai --maxprice=2000
node index.js --mode=find-items --rareitem=astro --maxprice=500
node index.js --mode=find-items --rareitem="black desk" --maxprice=225
node index.js --mode=find-items --rareitem="cardano wine" --maxprice=120
```
